Add 'item_classes' key to FEEDS (#4576)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/feed-exports.rst

        'items.json': {
            'format': 'json',
            'encoding': 'utf8',

>             'item_classes': (ProductItemClass, AnotherItemClass)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            'item_classes': (ProductItemClass, AnotherItemClass),
```

            'fields': None,
            'indent': 4,
            'store_empty': False,
        }, 
        '/home/user/documents/items.xml': {
            'format': 'xml',

>             'item_classes': ProductItemClass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            'item_classes': ProductItemClass,
```

  See :ref:`topics-feed-format` for possible values. 
  Mandatory, no fallback setting
* ``encoding``: falls back to :setting:`FEED_EXPORT_ENCODING`

> * ``item_classes``: no fallback setting, defaults to ``None`` (which will include all item classes)
>   - .. versionadded:: 2.2
>   - Allows for filtering which item class types get exported to each URI.
>   - Acceptable values include None, a single Item class object, or a tuple of Item class objects

Reviewer: What about this?

```suggestion
* ``item_classes``: filter of exported items based on their item class.

  .. versionadded:: 2.2
   
  If the value is ``None`` (default), all items are exported. If the value is 
  an item class, or a tuple of item classes, only items that are instances of 
  those item classes are exported.
```

* ``indent``: falls back to :setting:`FEED_EXPORT_INDENT`
* ``store_empty``: falls back to :setting:`FEED_STORE_EMPTY`

item_classes

> ------------

Reviewer: I section at the same level as `FEEDS` is not a good way to add this.

I would suggest extending the list entry with this information. See https://github.com/scrapy/scrapy/pull/4512/files#diff-b08e74952c08d71c2ff7fd960c551b10 to get an idea of how you can include details in the list itself.

I would avoid such a long code example, though. I’m not sure we need a code example at all here. A statement indicating allowed values, like the one you have above the code, should be information enough.
